# inf148-e-commerce-project

SYNOPSIS
This is a website that sells t-shirts and blouses of different colors and sizes.

Website URL: http://andromeda-64.ics.uci.edu:5064/root/index.php?home

LAYOUT
From home.php, click 'Enter' to enter the store. The next page is items_list.php
where the user can browse different kinds of shirts and blouses.

1. In our design, we used php to dynamically generate different section of the website.
In the index.php contains the template of the website, the header.php contains all the sections 
aboove the <body>. This will include the name of the company and the navigation bar. The footer.php
contain the information below the </body> which consists of the about and contact sections and when 
the about.php or contact.php, it will change the body to the respected pages. This will allow us to 
change only the body of each php files. We created two 3 php files to handle the connection to the 
database, dbConnect.php will connect to the database anddbClose.php will close the connection to the 
database. The dbConfig which is store outside this directory contains the username, password, database
name, and the servername to ensure that keep it secured. We have five tables in our database, Customer,
MainProduct, Product, TaxRates, and ZipCodes.the Customer table will keep track of all the user order 
information, MainProduct will contain the information of each item displayed on the items_list.php, 
Product table will store each item details information, and the TaxRates and ZipCodes table are from the 
.CSV extension files provided by theprofessor. The products are being dynamically generated by using the 
items_list.php to create one itemin each block and reusing that code to generate all the items that are
stored in the MainProduct table. Same goes for the item.php, the current item will be display and when
the user click a different color item, it will switch the items using the same item.php file.

2. In the buyitem.php, there is a form where the user enters all their information. Once the information
has been entered, the user data will get stored on the database under the 'Customer' table. In this table,
it will keep track of the information on this screen, such as the item, cost, personal information, 
shipping information, billing information, and the overall summary. The form is validated in the buyItem.js
that will check the user information from PA1. 

3. In the insertCustomerInfo.php is where the user stores it information into the database while generating
the detailed report that the user enter previously to confirmation of what they have ordered.

4. We used Ajax in the fillAddress.php and zipCode.php. The zipCode.php will find the zip code of the 
billing address and tax the customer respectively to the billing address they entered. The fillAddress.php
will only autocomplete when the user enters their billing/shipping city. While entering this information,
the user will see a screen of different Option as they enter a city, but we only limited at most 5 will display.
The buyItem.php contains the forms section, and the buyItem.js contains the scripts that will use the ajax
implementation. In the buyItem.js, we have two function; getState() and getZip() that will handle the Ajax.


Contributors: Irish Marquez and Calvin Poon


